# OOP

The motivation and aim of this project was to develop a tool for teachers working in special education classrooms with primarily students with autism. One of the most challenging times for these teachers is when they must prepare for annual IEP (Individualised Education Program) meetings with the students' parents. At these meetings, the teachers must discuss the students' progress and determine whether they are ready to move on to the next grade level. This can be particularly difficult for children with autism, as their assessments are often very different from those of students in general education classrooms. In addition to being evaluated based on their elementary curriculum, these students may also be assessed in categories such as behaviours, communication, and other areas where they may struggle.To help make this process easier, this program allows teachers to input scores for different categories, such as behaviours, independent work, and parallel play. These scores are determined throughout the school year based on observations and assessments of the student. The average score for these categories is then used to determine whether the student is ready to move on to the next grade level. I selected these three categories as they are among the most commonly tested for students with autism, and set the average score for each category at 7 which is the minimumrequired to move on to the next grade. One of the benefits of this program is that it can provide parents with a visual representation of their child's progress, such as a graph. This can be particularly helpful for parents who may be overwhelmed by the paperwork and jargon involved in IEP meetings, as it allows them to more easily understand where their child stands and what they need to work on in order to move on to the next grade. Overall, the goal was to create a tool that would make the IEP process easier and more transparent for both teachers and parents of students with autism, allowing effective
communication between them. 
